In the previous lesson,
we used faceting to plot fuel efficiency on different vehicle class subsets.
Faceting can be extended to
multivariate cases by having each facet be a bivariate plot instead.
From the code we started off with,
we can just change the mapping parameters,
a scatter plot instead of histogram and two axes variables instead of just one.
You can see the efficiency outliers and the compact,
midsize, and large classes,
as well as the slight bias towards smaller engines
in the mini and subcompact car classes.
We're not limited to only facet by one variable either.
If we add a row equals trans type argument to the facet grid,
we separate each vehicle class by automatic and manual transmissions.
When we have two facet variables,
the titles get a little bit unreadable.
The simplest way to alleviate this,
is by setting margin titles equals true in the facet grid call.
This moves the row levels to the right side of
the facet grid leaving the column labels on top.